README.md, before:

# COMP472-Project
 In this project, your task is to perform image classification on the CIFAR-10 dataset using some of the AI
 models learned in this class. You will first analyze the CIFAR-10 dataset, and pre-process the images. You will
 then build four AI models, Naive Bayes, a decision tree, a multi-layer perception, and a convolutional neural
 network (CNN) using Python and Pytorch to detect the 10 object classes in the CIFAR-10 dataset. You will
 then apply basic evaluation metrics: accuracy, confusion matrix, precision, and recall.
 Why these tasks matter: Your pathway to AI Mastery By undertaking this project, you’re immersing
 yourself in the world of different traditional and modern AI models that have applications in autonomous
 vehicles to medical imaging. Mastering image classification with Python and PyTorch is not just an academic
 exercise; it reflects the real-world demands of industries in pursuit of cutting-edge AI solutions. The tasks
 you engage with, from designing custom AI model architectures to conducting thorough evaluations, echo the
 challenges faced by AI professionals deploying solutions in ever-changing real-world settings, such as object
 detection in autonomous vehicles, obstacle avoidance in robotics, etc. Navigating through this project, un
derstand that each skill and insight you acquire not only deepens your understanding but also strategically
 positions you for future discussions and initiatives in the rapidly evolving AI landscape.

Commit message:

docs: add table for names and student IDs and link to the Word document

README.md, after:

# COMP472-Project
This repository contains the implementation of 4 machine learning models: Naive Bayes, decision tree, multi-layer perceptron (MLP), and convolutional neural network (CNN).

[Link to Word document](https://liveconcordia-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/la_gom_live_concordia_ca/EdM2jboVaslMnpiD6jD_kzkBh2yibHCb6-okKuSfZbeFDA) (read access only, unless shared directly with email)

|Name|Student ID|
|:--:|:--------:|
|||
|||
|Laurenz Gomez|40247966|

## Project Description
In this project, your task is to perform image classification on the CIFAR-10 dataset using some of the AI models learned in this class.

You will first analyze the CIFAR-10 dataset, and pre-process the images.
You will then build four AI models, Naive Bayes, a decision tree, a multi-layer perception, and a convolutional neural network (CNN) using Python and Pytorch to detect the 10 object classes in the CIFAR-10 dataset.
You will then apply basic evaluation metrics: accuracy, confusion matrix, precision, and recall.

Why these tasks matter: Your pathway to AI Mastery By undertaking this project, you’re immersing yourself in the world of different traditional and modern AI models that have applications in autonomous vehicles to medical imaging.
Mastering image classification with Python and PyTorch is not just an academic exercise; it reflects the real-world demands of industries in pursuit of cutting-edge AI solutions.

The tasks you engage with, from designing custom AI model architectures to conducting thorough evaluations, echo the challenges faced by AI professionals deploying solutions in ever-changing real-world settings, such as object detection in autonomous vehicles, obstacle avoidance in robotics, etc.
Navigating through this project, understand that each skill and insight you acquire not only deepens your understanding but also strategically positions you for future discussions and initiatives in the rapidly evolving AI landscape.

![82ba375216733bdce2c71bd24f110a265c1e21e73d0e9c56483ffdca345c67e3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7cd3665b-5869-419c-aead-1b475cb8655d)
